---
title: "A New Start"
date: "2020-04-22"
author: "Brian Bartholomew"
---

Hello there! We are going through some very strange and rough times.  As of today I have been WFH for about 5 and a half weeks thanks to COVID-19.  At first I was very productive.  I had a lot of free time and would dedicate a lot of it to learning and self improvement.  However, as we progressed further into this I have noticed that I have been slacking in the self progression category,  I am still WFH every day and tutoring my bootcamp students but I have spent very little time the past two weeks improving.  Speaking with a friend of mine yesterday he mentioned he had the same problem so we decided we would be doing a minimum of 25 minutes a day of software development/code related learning.  The first one to break this streak has a punishment of something related to $20 or Euros. Not sure exactly what the punishment was but just something to keep us motivated for a while :-D.  I was very excited, got up very early to get started. I woke up at 4am and began thinking about where I wanted to focus my energy over a cup of coffee. 

I came up with 2 topics I would like to focus on for the time being.  The first most important topic is the MERN stack.  I use this stack daily working and tutoring bootcamp students but I still feel there is a lot of room for improvement for me on the entire stack.  React is a massive library and is constantly improving with hooks, context and suspense amoung many other things. This is the same for all the other parts of the stack.  The second focus will be AWS.  I also use this everyday and I personally am not a huge fan of AWS for a variety of reasons that I am sure will come up here and there but since I have to use it everyday and they offer a massive range of services I figure I should dedicate some time to improving in it. The best part is there are a ton of resources to learn both these topics both free and paid. 

As part of this self improvement plan I also plan on writing a lot more.  This will be for me as a self accountability/trakcing tool and it gives me a reason to improve my blog and portfolio as well.  These writings will be raw/rough TIL or update journal type pieces that I hope to publish everyday or with some very high frequency.  I will publish most if not all here and if there is anything I find very profound I may consider putting it on a more high traffic space.

Today being day one I started my focus on MERN.  I would usually use create-react-app to start new react projects but I thought it might be good to have my own starter and not be so dependent on create react app. So I did some reading on babel and webpack.  I created a starter called [MERN](https://github.com/Bartholomewbd/MERN) The good news is most of my toy projects will be able to run off just this basic configuration but I do plan on diving more into the configurations and learning a bit more.  

Currently the blog is a bit rough and doesn't have much going on but I can be reached via email bartholomewbd@gmail.com. [LinkedIn Message](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bartholomewbd/) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/bartholomewbd)